---
title: 'My First Entry! '
date: 2019-01-30
permalink: /posts/2019/01/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - cool posts
  - category1
  - category2
---

Here is my first stab at starting my own blog hopefully I can keep it going 

i kind of want to start one mostly beacuse theres some thoughts or ideas that i have that i know that i will def forget if i dont type it out. Not meant to be totally formal (me telling myself) mostly soemthing that I can come back and read when i'm bored

### --on my mind--
these last couple days we've had a snow day of sorts mostly bc it is too cold to be outside and so classes were cancelled. im glad in a way but also there have been moments where i feel that too much free time can be unhealthy too. I should prob be doing readings for capstone to get ahead or apply to even more jobs but even that gets boring. instead i start a blog that like every project i play the 'how long will this last' game and hope for the best. 

Some cool things that i have found this week so far i suppose is that there are some sweet setups on the [unixporn](https://www.reddit.com/r/unixporn/) subreddit that i follow gleefully mostly bc i want to have a set up that cool. i think that arch is on the horizon for me, there's a learning curve for sure i think and i want to do it right, that way i only have to do it once lol. in the meantime i have install some of the tool and utilities to my vm machines and chromebook that runs linux to test em out. maybe when im less busy ill look into starting that project too

ʕっ•ᴥ•ʔっ - cya

#### What to Expect
======
discussion on some project ideas
ranting to myself about what I learned in philosophy class
cool stuff and tools that I find

#### frequency
======
I'll shoot for one post a week that way I don't feel overwhelmed yep
